all right um so Frankie and Niall are
gonna be passing microphones um so just
just raise your hand when you have one
they'll get the mic over to you and yep
looks like we're all set
hi Cass Marshall Red Bull eSports
discussion is for barracks and double
lift so you guys have been going through
the ALCS you've been winning titles and
then you go to Worlds pretty regularly
now and I'm wondering how you sort of
keep motivation when you have these very
long-term efforts to achieve that
international success that don't always
work out how do you keep motivation and
sort of avoid burning out it's always
been pretty easy for me because just
because of my love for the game I think
I really enjoyed the game I like
figuring out what's good what what's
good in the midlane meta what's good for
my team and how we should play and
there's always things to improve on so
throughout this split
I hardly ever feel like we're the best
team by far that no one else can touch
us or no one else can beat us and until
we reach that point it's really easy or
it's really easy to stay hungry and keep
wanting to improve because I don't feel
like we are this supreme best team I
think that actually is an issue like
last year for example after we won an a
I thought that was like such a cool
thing and you know we want to get c9 who
was also a really strong team in the
finals and to be able to win with TSM
after the previous split losing to CLG
in the finals was like a really big deal
to me
I think from for now it's not a big deal
to any of us to win anymore it's like
it's almost expected we just came to
pick up the trophy so we're all thinking
about Worlds but maybe last year at
least for me personally I didn't have as
much of a like a love for the game as I
do now where it's like it's fun for me
to play so like it's fun to scream and I
actually like really I just enjoy
playing and competing so yeah it'll
it'll be a big difference this year
that is on yeah cool
this is for Han sir being in a beginning
the split everybody was talking about
like how do you feel about playing AI
gets like flame and Sunday with all the
influx of Korean talent considering how
this season went for you what do you
think in retrospect of the Korean of the
incoming talent that came into the top
lane when they first joy today in spring
split I felt like they were pretty
lackluster and they weren't playing to
what was expected to them you know
everyone thinks screen tops are really
good but spring split you know they
didn't I guess find the groove and I was
also able to get a lot more resources
back in spring and now in summer as a
double is back we're like spreading it
out more and mmm I'd say they've
definitely improved as individuals some
day flame have definitely gotten a lot
better and they're not as bad as they
were in spring but in terms of like
topping talent and I still count them as
some of the best for Vaio frust you had
a ton of critics to split you know you
had people sign your feet here right you
you had number one you had smoothie as
number two and then come this finals
you're outperforming the all-star and
nails and --nails yes support in LA
you're doing really well and you even
got your team the trophy in game 4 you
have some amazing engages and you're
just outperforming everyone on stage for
a large part how does it feel to do so
on such an important match for TSM the
split I'm just happy that we won the
game cuz early game I didn't do too well
and I needed to make up for it somehow
so work on his primary benefit I guess
is his engage and I practice really hard
on his engage for the past couple of
weeks and I knew that I could do it so I
think Olay is a really good player he's
played well I'll split
and his rooms I think are like the best
defining thing about him he always roams
the good times where it really messes up
the enemy midlaner and yeah he's just
really good so he deserves a recognition
that he got and yeah they just played
well overall but Vince is the best
that's what he's trying to say hi Travis
cafard here for Travis cafard doublelift
during the teaser or one of the promos
you were you mentioned something about
how you respect cloud 9 and CLG and you
kind of want to keep IMT out of the
winners Club and you like that it's just
a three of those teams how long do you
think it'll take before another team can
enter that winners Club it was pretty
close this split
I think dig and IMT actually had a real
shot at winning but after this I don't
know it's pretty devastating for both of
them this split I think it's gonna be a
while I like the winners club cause it's
three and I've won three championships
and I'm also and this is the third key
of some championship in a row
three's a good number I like three hi
I'm Chaz nice to go with BuzzFeed this
is first fence Karen how did you prepare
knowing you were going against xmithie
today I mean I didn't really prepare
things per se
special because we already knew a lot of
their strategies and how aggressive they
are in the early game I just know from
the screams that they usually proud to
us a lot of the early wards to get on
the red and then try to invade at level
three so knowing that we just tried to
counter it by like stacking and making
sure they don't get the water for free
which they usually always cut in our
scrim so yeah we just knew that and I
think with the meta in the jungle right
now it's not really up to the one you
want kind of so just lucky that I'm on a
better team so even if he was a better
player I didn't really matter the series
just because I would admit ice
hello I'm Mike Purdy with the game house
my question for your son every year you
it's always attributed that you get a
play off of where do you think that
really comes from I don't think I played
that well this playoffs and maybe it's
just a false wing I think just usually
being better under playoffs is because
we have more time to prepare for one
specific opponent so we can really go
into all the screams and just like
always be super harsh on yourself
because when you do something that
worked against their point you can
always see like okay this actually
wouldn't work against X team you meet in
the playoffs so I think it's just a lot
easier to be very hard on yourself and
just go into every scream with like more
focus and goal I Erin McCune is with
daddy sports my questions for bjergsen
in Game three you guys were down about
5,000 gold and that one Oriana alt set
your team on track to potentially come
back you guys were still down quite a
bit after that fight how do you how do
you keep your cool knowing that as long
as you guys keep on that same track you
could potentially win the game I don't
really think it's difficult to keep my
cool if we're behind because I think
we're all just focusing on how we can
win on what we can do next no one spends
time thinking about oh my god we're
losing oh my god this is going so badly
we're all just focused on the next thing
water comp can do water when condition
is and we were constantly talking about
once were you certain items or my
flashes up because their combos largely
based on trying to kill me with like
Jarvan Shen combo and that worked for
them in the early game but then once you
reach the point or we were confident
that we were gonna win
we just took as many fights as possible
but for staying cool I think it's it's
easy for all of us we've been on stage
many times all of us played in the
finals we've been behind mini games and
just another day of the job I guess
gabriel sultan johanna of the score
esports this question is for doublelift
you went on hiatus over the course of
spring split you come back at the end of
the split your champion what do you feel
is the difference between the state of
ad carry's in the LCS when you left to
how it is now have they improved at all
you still are standing at the top have
you felt that you've improved even more
than they have what's the state of ad
carry's in the LCS as it stands well
when i stopped playing gin was really a
p and i don't know why i think i haven't
met to block something on gin but we
just never win our gin games like at
Worlds last year and every time play gin
something really bad happens but then
when I came back they nerfed lethality
so like gin and varus weren't as
prevalent and it came back to auto
attacking ad carry's like Kaitlyn and
ash and now it's a lot of like Tristana
Calista and Ziya so I think I have a
better knack for those separate
champions personally and in the break I
was just playing like whatever in
soloqueue and just trying to climb the
ladder
but then when I come back to competitive
I need to like play my champion to
provide value to my team like whether
it's in team fighting or it's it'll
provide cc or it'll have early pressure
in lane like I need to provide some
value to my teammates and part of that
is just being really proficient on
certain champions like the ones that are
really meta or the ones that I believe
in my team believe is o P so yeah it's
been really fun I guess it's a lot of ad
carries her Bible right now and it's
really fun this question is for Han sir
this split we saw there was it was very
difficult for individual TSM players to
sort of get rain Kiley TSM was
considered the strongest team as a unit
but individual players didn't
necessarily stand out I'm wondering how
you felt about that was a part of the
discourse you engaged in at all or was
it frustrating to sort of lack that
level of recognition
hmm well coming into the split we kind
of had to find our groove again because
Peter again and it's kind of like a
fresh start for us as a team we have to
learn the meta like reintroduce like
basic fundamentals so people learn all
over again and so it was a really
focused on our individual play and your
mo focused on learning as a team getting
better as a team we realized up to a
loss of MSI that that's what's really
important it's not about individual play
like you can sack one side the mob and
then I get laid on the other side but
then in the end it doesn't really help
you get ahead of in game so we're more
focused on team play now and less
individual stuff and I think that's what
makes us a really strong team hi I'm
Julia Lee from the rift Herald and my
question is for Dublin bio frost I you
know you throughout this season you see
a lot of great bot Lane duo's and then
you see a lot of great individual bot
Lane players what do you think the
difference is there between just like
being a great deal together because
everyone thinks of bio lifts or double
frost or whatever y'all are and then
there are teams where you're just like
oh yeah that individually they're very
good but it doesn't really come out on
stage so your question is what I think
the difference is between the good dudes
and just the good players
I think the good do is I don't know I've
always been it's really weird I've
always been part of like really good
deals like Manchester and then me and
afro and then me and bio we have always
been like pretty good I think part of it
is just not being afraid to tell each
other things that we don't like that the
other person does and also things that
we do like because if you're just
constant criticizing someone or you're
or you're afraid to criticize them I
think that's a really big problem with a
duo lane so just always be on the same
page after a while you you kind of know
you get a feel for your lane partner
when you're always telling them like hey
we should try this or I think this is
good and I think this is bad so just
having like an open talk all the time I
think a lot
time doing this way we had a lot of
problems just because we weren't playing
the right champions or were you playing
in the wrong way or other Bolling's
we're out roaming us or just out playing
us to be too so just always learning
always talking each other is the most
important thing even if you're a great
player if you can't communicate well
you're not gonna be able to show it I
can't get out of this by saying what he
said right okay I think a lot of other
balling duo's they have great mechanics
but it kind of just doesn't really
extend out of that I think a good
example of a deal that might not have
like the best mechanics but are really
strong as a duo together our Altec and
Adrian they really know how to
manipulate waves and they're good at
deciding whether or not Rome or to stay
in Lane and they're really efficient
with their back timers so as a duo they
work really well but even though
mechanically they might not be the best
like some ad carry's like piglet he's
really really strong on land but even
then al tech and Adrian work really well
as the dueling Albert for eSports heaven
here so this is two doublelift
last year you know you took down na and
then you you left for a split and you
came back
is this the time that you TSM goes to
Worlds and actually makes it you know
past quarterfinals make some noise and
like a lives up to the recognition that
they've been getting or is it you know
another TSM at Worlds mean well Dennis
was talking about this a little bit
after in the postgame interview at the
desk but we came in last world's pretty
cocky where we thought that we were top
14 we're like yeah we're gonna win it
and then we were all super crushed when
we started losing in the group stages
because it was like whoa like we weren't
supposed to lose I think coming into
this one more humble and just being a
lot like we were hungry last time but I
think we just didn't have a great
approach to practice and the our
mentality was just wrong coming in but I
think coming into Worlds thinking like a
winner but also being humble at the same
time is it's just so important because
every team is so good you can lose your
game like you can't your pride can be
wounded if you get so killed or if
you're if you're just making a lot of
mistakes because as players are also
just equally as good as you I think like
we had a lot of problems last year but
then this year we're just gonna be able
to to learn from that and part of that
is just being able to come back from bad
situations when we make mistakes which
we didn't have that skill last year my
questions for your bio Frost we're
seeing a lot of other regions and a lot
of other teams focus on ardent supports
whereas today you and always seem to be
going back and forth on the playmakers
why do you think there's really that
kind of disconnect I think in auditer
regions they have different picking
bands where recon isn't up and recon is
a really essential part to Draft where
if he's up then you have to play around
him because he's such a strong pick if
he's down and some other champions go
down then it goes to the art and sensor
supports because they're didn't expect
things
if he plays safe in the early game with
an art and sensory support you're gonna
out scale playmaker like a low star and
it just depends on if your team can play
around that and that's spike cuz a lot
of the other teams are playing like Lulu
I know in Korea they're playing Lulu
into like Blitzcrank and if Lulu
survives early game then she just out
scales really hard farting sensor and
he'll be really obnoxious for a
Blitzcrank to even make anything happen
so I think there's just a bit of a
disparity in play styles there and it's
also different because of the draft this
questions for bjergsen what do you say
to critics who are confused or you know
disoriented by the fact that you want a
split MVP even though you came second in
the OL LCS voting I think there was a
different voting for MVP which I didn't
really even know I mean people will have
their favorite players or their players
that they think perform better than me
and I think that's completely fair I
know some players did up before me in in
certain ways but I think why I was
recognized as MVP is the value that I
bring to my team and hopefully I might
even feel the same way about the value I
bring that helps us win it helps us get
off to this big stage and actually make
a difference
well yeah there are a lot of great
individual players in the LCS but like
Peter said if you can't communicate if
you can't lead your team it doesn't
matter how good you are you're not gonna
win this questions are doublelift
you've since the beginning have been
known for your trash talking and so some
regions have trash talk segments we
don't in na is there any player that you
wish you could kind of have like a back
and forth trash talk segment
hmm there's some players in any who just
kind of forced it like dar dark cuz they
came in with no fans and they just want
to make a name for themselves I don't
know I have a bad luck when I talk trash
because when I when I talked to her she
always lose and I'm just superstitious I
guess no I don't even care about what
the fans say I just don't want to lose
bi overall I think part of it is you get
crucified so hard by the community when
you talk trash and then you your team
loses so I just I don't feel like I get
any extra points when I talk trash when
we just Creston we're already expecting
to win I think the most hype is if we
talk trash at Worlds I'm not saying that
I will or that we won't but if we talk
trash at Worlds it's like actually good
teams and stuff on the line we're not
expected to win and that's more fun than
just like beating up kids at the
playground this question is for sponge
Garen for awhile TSM rotated junglers
you know you went through a few
different picks before settling on that
pick now you've been with TSM I'm really
solidified your place on the team and
part of the foundation of the team I'm
wondering if you feel like you've hit
your ceiling in terms of developing with
TSM like how much room for growth do you
think you have even though you've kind
of settled in and there isn't that large
scale change anymore
yeah so even though I've been with use
them for a long time I think that's
obviously still a lot of stuff I can
improve on like we already have tree
very vocal pleasant seemed like Kevin
and pure kind of left but I think I can
still improve on just being more
assertive and just when I believe
something is right like calling it out
more so
I mean that's a lot of stuff I can still
improve on even though I've been in team
for long time this question is for
Vincent Vincent so in the second half of
the game especially in that final game
you played really well
now over the past six weeks or so you've
had an intense war of words between you
and LCS analyst Mark Zimmerman and I was
just kind of curious do you feel like
your performance today finally is to
rest you know any criticisms he's levied
against you I'm not sure if Marquez he
said this but he was like wondering why
they're taking the toss was batting
recon because like he probably thought I
just didn't play the champion because I
have champion pool issues and honestly
in the regular split I did have some
issues where we weren't playing the
right champions and we weren't playing
the right champions basically so I think
in playoffs of course every player is
gonna have their limitations on champion
well you can't just play every champion
for every specific situation so I think
my champion that I perhaps is really
hard on this playoffs was pecan and yeah
I was able to play that today and I
think I played decently on it not like
the best in the last game but yeah I
also played Alistar and Marquez II was
also questioning why I wasn't picking it
because these were the playmakers that
were constantly being played and I ended
up playing those champions and for some
of the other picks of course every
support has their own thing like Ola has
barred and then aphromoo he plays a lot
of Ghana and yeah everyone just has
their specialty so Albert for the for
you Sports heaven here this is to
bjergsen and spats Guerin what mid lane
and jungle duo's do you wanna play
against at Worlds oh that's a really
tough question sorry what do you think
does
give myself some time to think not
really sure I don't know just all the
Korean teams I guess they're looking
pretty good I think the game isn't as
based around the to be to mid as it kind
of used to be so I don't really think of
the mid jungle as a to be to it highly
depends on what champions you're playing
if you end up playing stuff like LeBlanc
that becomes a lot more relevant how the
jungle I made interacts but largely in
some of the games especially here in the
final one we're just playing stuff like
Corki it's really more about getting
their high vision and kind of playing
with your team so it it's going to
depend a lot on the meta at Worlds
whether the to be two specifically
between jungle mid is even important at
all Connor Smith with dot eSports my
question is for doublelift
so leading up to the first MSG finals
there was a lot of hype surrounding the
actual venue like the road to the garden
and since then we've seen a lot of
finals and competitions and some really
big sports stadiums is it still special
is there still that feeling of like is
it's real or are you starting to get
used to it I think it was really special
for me when I won my first ever time at
Madison Square Garden and then it was
also really special when I went for the
first time with TSN and it felt really
really good to win with that same squad
that we won't with the exception of bio
but we've just lost the previous split
against the LG no one was in Vancouver
this one I don't I think it's always fun
to play with the crowd and it's
especially really hype when you're in
this huge venue and you make this huge
play like when we were coming back and
we just won teamfight after team fight
it was just it felt so good to hear the
crowd screaming because they're just
getting hyped and this is like an
unbelievable comeback it gives you a lot
of energy I guess yeah I guess it's not
as special in terms of the venue size
it's more just like playing at this big
event and on the flipside you can assume
that the enemy teams tilting really hard
when the crowd is cheering against them
oh hello all right uh Jared from the gay
house my questions for bio frost and I
think there's always gonna be a lot of
questions about that game for because
that was that was really historical you
guys come back so my question is kind of
for you because I think you work on
really stood up for me is that that
turning point in particularly all your
macro play like it felt like you as a
team were taking the fights that you
needed to take even though you were ten
cable hi and so for you my question is
you know how does it feel to be that
kind of that playmaker in that moment
not just that you were making the play
but you had your whole team behind you
the instant happy no like well was that
it kind of intrinsic synergy that you
guys have built up is that something
you've been working on you know your
macro play looked amazing kind of you
know what were the the emotions I should
say I think early game we didn't play to
our strengths we're we're it's where
comp that scales a lot and we just took
a lot of early game fights so that was
part of the reason why we were down like
10k and where we were in the mid game or
like late game teeth fighting it just
counts down to it just comes down to
recon getting a good engage and even if
you're like 5 or 10k down if you get a
good engagement and still someone that
you're gonna win the teamfight and in
those engage timings I didn't really
think about if I mess this up we're
gonna lose the game it's just if I don't
do this right now then we're gonna end
up losing anyway so this is the only
shot we have and if I do it then we're
gonna come back and I think in that mid
game like mid lane teamfight where we're
down like a lot and we just came back
and then we started winning every
teamfight after that it just felt really
natural to be able to do it again and
again after the first time it worked and
I think we just got into a groove after
the first teamfight that we won this
questions first spend the last time you
were in East Asia Four Worlds
your participation was kind of cut short
a bit do you have any
a message for East Asian TSM fans or
East Asian players or consumers of
League who you know remember that and
you know do you have anything to say in
the lead-up to going back there for
Worlds I mean I think I've matured a lot
over the past three years where I've
been and T is M so I'm not really
concerned about anything happening
because yeah I just matured a lot and I
guess if people are still like offended
by it and I could say sorry but I think
it's been quite a while so I don't think
at least I don't get messages anymore
that people are offended by it so I
think people moved on and yeah I'm
matured a lot so I don't think like it
doesn't mean anything anymore Albert for
you sports heaven here - Han sir what
top laners do you want to play against
at Worlds let's see from Europe I'd say
wait I'll even know who's gonna worlds
from from any other region huh
teaching misfits oh I don't think too
much about them so probably L Z's Khan
he has played a lot of K tops and he's
performed really well in them he's
really confident himself and looks like
he's the best stop in else here right
now so definitely you wanna play against
him SKT tops are always really solid and
they know how to play well so there's
stuff don't learn from there I haven't
really paid attention to China as much
as well so those would be my answers cuz
we have time for like two more questions
let's see this one's for B Erickson with
the upcoming season changes to basically
everything how are you gonna prepare to
play differently than all the past
seasons
like with all the changes for season I
don't even know what season it I don't
know I have really spent too much time
thinking about that because I we still
have where else to go
so I think we're gonna have a long
offseason for me too there's always big
changes to the game right and there's
always a certain level of adaptation so
I don't really think it's too much
different than any other year it's just
there's a bigger chance to you know
runes masteries and things like that but
I think I'm a player at least that's
willing to try a lot of new things and
potentially fail at it and that's really
gonna be what spring splits about is
people you know figuring out what's good
and figuring out what season 8 is about
because it's gonna be such a big change
that initially I feel like sometimes
when there are a lot of big changes
myself and the team we might not look
the best we usually drop games on big
patches during LCS but I know that we're
a team that consistently works hard so
no matter what the changes are
eventually we'll figure them out and
we'll be the best again there's
questions for bjergsen TSM has always
been the biggest brand in North America
to the point where at the Immortals fan
meet yesterday when they entered there
were TSM chance I'm just wondering if
there's ever a point where you know the
fan of attention the chance does that
ever become overwhelming or do you get
burned out on that fan attention and
acclaim not at all I think playing on
this big stage especially in this round
stage that riot has now it feels awesome
because there's fans kind of all around
us no matter where I look I hear chants
I hear people yelling and my Peter said
it it only gives me energy when I come
out or I hear them during the game when
we're in these crazy teamfights there's
no point where that's ever really a
negative to me of course I don't want
fans to be kind of bashing on our
opponents and putting them down I would
rather have them hype us up but I feel
like that is what the fans do